hello welcome at the Bob King my name is
Michael Warren I'm here to introduce you
guys to the great Hyundai Sonata
it's one of new designs behind a which
features was called the fluidic design
earth or less for models to feature this
award-winning design it's one of the
many reasons Car and Driver name is
Sonata or the 10 best cars but you guys
I'm show you some other things nice
technology I live to urge them and
feature something called proximity key
ladies know what that allows you to do
is they'll using the conventional key
they get in and out of the car and keep
the key inside your pocket ladies way
keeping your pocketbook will actually
come to the car if the car is unlocked
you lock the car press the button
automatically locks go but if you need
to get inside the car again you're gonna
use this button to get inside so again
situation you've got crying kids or I
don't know groceries like the robot
bumping working great technology latest
groundbreaking technology with honey
we're gonna show you the front is the
inch wide illustrating engine to read
you something called gas that ready
eject pinch
what is that what it doesn't allow you
to get great gas mileage for what do you
one on the highway of 29 in the city but
you're also getting really good
horsepower in the same so again you
don't have to get less power to get
better get to it
again gas direct injections to litter
engine or more later than actually
features okay we have a maintenance-free
battery is your our political system
fuse box over here over here ladies
gentlemen pitch is all in are you gonna
check you on that right here gasps cool
let's hurry engine coolant
watch your foot right here one great
thing about this car it's hot ladies
dumb of course it features Hyundai's
award-winning award when they walk I
warn 10 year 100,000 mile it's on the
whole power train including the engine
and the transmission on Hyundai Sonata
also features of course a 5 year 60,000
mile warranty towards your bumper to
bumper goes
five years of three rows of assistants
great things by then I'd say anything
chipper is gonna do better than do the
same thing the entire situation like the
key in the car I run out of gas mine is
gonna take the curve get anywhere United
skin great peace of mind for you in the
back tuck the replica fluid inside at
the beginning see the rise in the Carmen
Ezio not really beautiful were very
practical cuts the wind very wet well
that's one reason that get such great
gas function but also on car features
five-star crash ratings in the front and
the side the reason I mentioned that
some of our best competitors tell you
the camera at on the Honda Court did not
beat your finest ratings inside
notice the chrome on the front fog lamps
in the front choke you know if you live
in a mountain area maybe the Mount
Arreat area to get laughing from that
areas area that's very good usually fall
situation the SD model features these
17-inch wheels on the side very nice
open the trunk space through the trunk
space features very nice trunk space one
of the tops of these classics and I
allow you to get in golf clubs
any kind of overnight baggage in one
hour maybe tomorrow beach or Gatlinburg
without of course to get you home depot
and Costco something awesome now the
seats in the back do fold down to give
you an extra room awesome okay again
room is under warranty five years of
three rows up systems in the back
style-wise reaches the dual exhaust it's
really nice look to integrated building
spoiler in the back and really nice
looking all you
the wet design definitely comes in right
this way this is the SV Edition it
features some really great things in the
car I'm show you some of the basic
technologies that are in this car then
usually on other cars you have to pay
extra money to get your inside now
certain you features Bluetooth
technology right here it's gonna give
you the opportunity to make and receive
phone calls hands-free so you can keep
that on the road while you make your
phone calls or see great great safety
but also really cool technology on
Center up here yes through Michael
Joseph II stereo system you need to
change your body return stations again
you get on the road and do it at the
same time
yeah sure computer down here chip your
future to give you a lot of options to
give you opportunity see miles per
gallon miles per hour if you're like me
like the driver Eli from house to empty
a lot of things like that starts with
people it's really nice
cruise control courts to set it right
it's got all the things you're used to
seeing me in vehicles these days power
windows power locks and mirrors the
latest safety features of course we got
anti-lock brake system got electronic
stability control system Hyundai with
the first one in this class to offer
this as a standard model in my opinion
if you're more of a tea person be it
male or female you can tilt and
telescope the wheel
finally the seating arrangement but also
on the SE model that sort of gives you a
standard policy I like about that now on
the power seat but power alumni so again
you've got along commute to work they're
going on vacations and still help you
okay and it's this se model also
features something I like a lot in fact
I like a lot like it so much I can
follow this exact same car with these
same features and that feature of course
is because zoom in right here face
technology as far is the touchscreen
navigation system what's so great about
this touchscreen navigation system it's
very easy and intuitive to work if
you're not big on technology it comes up
very easy he's going to feature your XM
satellite radio which is standing all
Hyundai models for the first three
months 147 stations commercial-free
music if you take advantage of debt okay
let's radio giving you got regular radio
Floss FM that from one two or three now
of course you can go to your
navigational systems we want to set up
your map for they greet we show you
location you're gonna put in destination
so you're going to a certain address say
in north carolina you can set the street
or if you go back to the city where you
at all very intuitive and easy to use
even if you're not really technology
advanced i'm sorta not okay down here at
the bottom you're gonna get your
automatic transmission but you also have
an opportunity to turn yourself into an
and ready
what do i mean by that only wheel right
here if you want to take a situation
where you gonna change gears up here
plus or minus like a Formula one racer
and drive it like that
risa you wouldn't do that with my recent
you wouldn't do that
alright don't put it back in park okay
down here got your auxilary jacks for
USB or an iPod you can pay it in there
with there okay of course right here if
your heating and cooling system front
and rear defrost Erik said system setup
right here and one more thing the cherry
on top of the ice cream the cream of the
crop hande features for 2012 check it
out come on interest you got the bling
leases you have different different car
cousins talking about different things
Hyundai has a blue link I like to call
it it's a steroid situate situation
here's an opportunity with the SOS
button if your situation if you're in a
car accident of the airbag deployed
someone who can contact you immediately
an emergency
that's the choice when I get you got
point by point turn navigation let's
give them a table to do to put in
destinations where the computer will
tell you where to go even without the
nav give the opportunity that the
blurring system the essential service if
you want to set up a geofence to see how
fast your car has been going or someone
else is driving it if you want to set up
a geofence to see if they go outside of
certain amount ranges there's a lot of
different things that sister can do for
you
again we have a competitor that cause
there's our what is the total score card
or whatever before it calls this is that
for system on steroids all right all
right like that get on Michael Warren
the woman again I want to set from here
at mark King we'd like you to come on
down check out on a whole Honda lineup
coating the award-winning 2011 top 10
car the years per car drop hope see you
- come on